Announcement
************

This is version 0.11.0 of the GNUstep nib2gmodel tool

   GNUstep is a set of general-purpose Objective-C libraries based on
the OpenStep standard developed by NeXT (now Apple) Inc. The libraries
consist of everything from foundation classes, such as dictionaries and
arrays, to GUI interface classes such as windows, sliders, buttons, etc.

   nib2gmodel is a tool developed for GNUstep which converts Apple/NeXT
OpenStep 4.x and MacOSX nib files to a GNUstep gmodel file.

   WARNING: nib2gmodel does NOT compile on Linux, FreeBSD, or any other
OS that doesn't have Apple or NeXT libraries installed (i.e. a NeXTStep
or Mac OS X machine).

   Nib2gmodel does a pretty good, but not a perfect job of translating
nib files. Since the nib format is not documented, translation must be
done in a round-about way. Coupled with the fact that different OpenStep
systems store GUI elements in different ways leads to non-optimal
translation.  It is likely that you'll have to hand-edit the gmodel
file after translation. We recommend, however, that after translating
the file, you use our interface design program, Gorm, to read in the
gmodel file, edit it grahpically as you please, and then save it into
the preferred Gorm format (it's not possible to resave it in gmodel
format using Gorm).

   The file `INSTALL' gives instructions for installing the package.

   The GNUstep web site at `http://www.gnustep.org' contains more
information.

Machines
========

   GNUstep nib2gmodel has been compiled (sometime in the past) on the
following machines.

   * OpenStep 4.x/m68k

   * OpenStep 4.x/ix86

   * MacOS X Server 1.0

   * MacOS X 10.1, 10.2, 10.3, 10.4

Troubleshooting
===============

*Message *Could not find image named 'Foo'*
     This is a normal warning that occurs when the AppKit tries to load
     in an image for an object, and can't find it. Most likely you are
     translating the nib from the source directory and the images are
     not stored in the normal install location, so the images can not
     be found. As long as the images can be found normally when the
     Application is installed, this is fine.

*Message *Unkown class MyObject*
     You have created a custom class in the nib. Obviously nib2gmodel
     does not have this class, so the AppKit cannot instantiate it when
     reading in the nib file.  However, It should still be converted
     correctly in the gmodel file.

Noteworthy changes in version `0.11.0'
======================================

   Minor configuration changes. Fixes for getting information from
buttons and pop-up buttons.

Where can you get it?
=====================

   The nib2model-0.11.0.tar.gz distribution file has been placed on
`ftp.gnustep.org' in `pub/gnustep/dev-apps'.

Where do I send bug reports?
============================

   Bug reports can be sent to <bug-gnustep@gnu.org>.

